NMS-14328: Update scripts to use tftp binary mode (#4756)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/reference/pages/service-assurance/monitors/DeviceConfigMonitor.adoc

3+| *Required*

| script-file

> | Script file to use to retrieve configuration. Script files should be placed in `etc/device-config` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Script file to use to retrieve configuration. 
Place script files in the `etc/device-config` folder.
```

> Example script files can be found in `etc/examples/device-config` folder with `.dcb` extension. Script file name can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find example script files in `etc/examples/device-config` folder with `.dcb` extension. 
Overwrite script file name in metadata as `dcb:script-file`. 
```
Separate lines for text.

> overwritten in metadata as `dcb:script-file`. Don't include `.dcb` extension when specifying the file name in metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't include `.dcb` extension when specifying the file name in metadata.
```

| default.dcb

| username

> | username for ssh login. This can be overwritten in metadata as `dcb:username`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Username for ssh login. 
Overwrite in metadata as `dcb:username`.
```

| admin

| password

> | password for ssh login. This can be overwritten in metadata as `dcb:password`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Password for ssh login. 
Overwrite in metadata as `dcb:password`.
```

| admin

3+| *Optional*

| config-type
| If device has multiple configurations, specify the config-type with each service.

> This can be overwritten in metadata as `dcb:config-type`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overwrite in metadata as `dcb:config-type`
```

| default

| ssh-port

> | ssh port for the target device. This can be overwritten in meatadata as `dcb:ssh-port`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SSH port for the target device. 
Overwrite in meatadata as `dcb:ssh-port`.
```

| 22

| ssh-timeout

> | ssh max timeout after which ssh session will be closed, can be overwritten in metadata as dcb:ssh-timeout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SSH maximum timeout after which SSH session will be closed.
Overwrite in metadata as `dcb:ssh-timeout`.
```

| 60000

| schedule

> | Schedule to fetch configuration, in the form of cron expression,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Schedule to fetch configuration, in the form of cron expression.
```

>   Defaults to never run, overwrite this in metadata with proper cron expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Defaults to never run; overwrite this in metadata with proper cron expression.
```

| never

| retention-period

> | Max retention period after which configs without any updates will be deleted from database. Specified in ISO-8601 period format `PnYnMnD` and `PnW`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Maximum retention period after which configs without any updates will be deleted from database. 
Specified in ISO-8601 period format `PnYnMnD` and `PnW`.
```

> Defaults to `P1Y` (1 Year). Examples : `P20Y2M25D` means 20 years, 2 months, and 25 days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defaults to `P1Y` (1 Year). 
Example: `P20Y2M25D` means 20 years, 2 months, and 25 days.
```

3+| *Required*

| script-file
| Script file to use to retrieve configuration. 
Place script files in the `etc/device-config` folder.
Find example script files in `etc/examples/device-config` folder with `.dcb` extension. 
Overwrite script file name in metadata as `dcb:script-file`. 
Don't include `.dcb` extension when specifying the file name in metadata.
| default.dcb

| username

> | Username for ssh login. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Username for SSH login. 
```
(missed this my first time through)

Overwrite in metadata as `dcb:username`.
| admin

| password

> | Password for ssh login. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Password for SSH login. 
```
missed my first time through

Overwrite in metadata as `dcb:password`.
| admin

3+| *Optional*

| config-type
| If device has multiple configurations, specify the config-type with each service.

> Overwrite in metadata as `dcb:config-type`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overwrite in metadata as `dcb:config-type`.
```
